# 2016-01 Project
These projects were developed by students to apply their knowledge about MDE to real contexts. In each project, the student develops a model transformation chain that takes as input models created with the EMF tree editor, Sirius graphical editor, XText grammar or Papyrus editor. The chain has been implemented with ETL and EGL. The output has to be functional software. To give an idea about the quality of each implementation we've provided the grades obtained from each group at the end of this readme.

# Project Specification
Students had to build a grammar to parse SQL queries that represented an schema of a Marketplace, the model generated by XText was the input of their transformation-chain where an array of ETL files should convert that SQL Model into a Java Model. Later, another group of EGL files converted said model into Java code which should be able to create a database (based on SQLite) respecting the original schema, generate all CRUD operations of each entity from the schema and generate all tests. An skeleton of the target application was given to student, but all ETL and EGL files were developed by them.

# Grades
To get an idea of the quality of each implementation we've provided the grades obtained from each group:


|Group    |Grade|
|---------|-----|
|Group 1  | 2.8 |
|Group 2  | 4.4 |
|Group 3  | 0.7 |
|Group 4  | 0.0 |
|Group 5  | 1.9 |
|Group 6  | 4.6 |
|Group 7  | 2.5 |
|Group 8  | 2.5 |
|Group 9  | 4.9 |
|Group 10 | 0.0 |
|Group 11 | 4.8 |
